hey guys how're you guys doing so it's
me and I'm back and welcome to my
channel but I just wanted to give an
update about my lashes I know I was
getting eyelash extensions the last one
I got was on October 13th or something
like that and at this point everything
has fallen out and altered it's gonna be
basically me deciding if I want to get
it or not
and at this point I'm gonna stop getting
them a because of the cost B because of
the maintenance because if you don't
maintain them adequately it's gonna fall
off and it's gonna follow up quicker and
that was what happened to me last night
because within two weeks everything
started falling down and that was
because I didn't take care of it like
the way that I should okay number one I
was supposed to go for my point the last
time I hadn't done I was supposed to go
for my appointment and I totally missed
the appointment and the guy charged me
$25 or $30 for I'm not making it to my
appoint to my opponent because it said
you could have had another customer okay
that was it on my part and number two
the cost I think I paid like I don't
know sixty dollars to get it refilled
I bought some mascara the special makeup
that you can use on your eyes while you
have that eyelash extensions and that
costs a lot of money and I'm thinking
about it and I'm like I'm spending all
this money and some damn fake eyelashes
that money I can use it towards buying
myself organic food you know something
good something tangible for my body or
using it for something better than
eyelashes that's how I see it based on
those two things that cost the
maintenance I mean don't get me wrong I
love the eyelashes like when I had it on
my eyes were popping I feel like I
didn't need my makeup because I had the
eyelashes because they just kind of like
they just kind of like naturally enhance
my eyes you know I thought about him
like you know what forget those damn
lashes like the cost and everything just
got to me and the maintenance like
sometimes like when you have the
eyelashes on you can't really just wash
your eyes and put eye makeup on and
things like that and I want to do those
things like sometimes I just want to
like splash water on my eyes put some
soap on my eyes and wash my face like
the regular way and I can't do that
because because of the lashes so I'm not
gonna be getting those lash extensions
anymore and because of the maintenance
the things you can't do to your eyes and
be the cost maybe if I was like some
celebrity or some public figure hell
yeah I'll be getting those lashes
because you know I'm making that type of
money to be getting those lashes but
right now I can't you know right now I
could get them if I want to but I can
use but I want to use my money towards
something beneficial and something
tangible
rather than lashes that you put on and
it would just fall out you know things
like that so I'm not Beyonce I'm not
Kelly Rowland and not Leaney Leakes I'm
not Oprah I'm not Tyra Banks so I will
not be getting those lashes anymore and
right now this are my natural eyes these
are my natural lashes and you know they
don't look that bad and don't get me
wrong I really love those lashes because
when I had a mom like I said earlier my
eyes were like popping I felt like I
didn't really need even need mascara I
don't I didn't really even I don't
really feel like I needed eyeliner when
I had those lashes on so right now this
are my eyelashes on you because you can
see I have makeup on it as you can see
but those are my lashes right now my
natural lashes I don't have anything on
it
that's it I saw those are my natural
lashes as you can see you know they
don't look too bad
as you see them not too bad and through
this from this side
so you know I don't mind my you know I
don't mind my eyes you know they're not
too bad but the night the eyelash
extensions just like enhance them which
I really like but for the reasons that I
have stated the cost like you have to
really maintain them like every two
weeks I mean another for them another
for you to have them looking good you
have to like constantly keep getting
refills they're like nails another for
your nails to really look good if you
have my critics you have to keep filling
them right same thing as eyelashes you
have to keep getting the refills and for
me I don't like routines you know I like
to just take everything easy
I'm not easygoing person just like
straight to the point
so because of those freaking routines
that you gotta do to maintain the lashes
and the cost you know I could be using
my money for better things you know
rather than lashes are rather buy a pair
of shoes you know it's how much you
freak so yeah I don't know I really like
them but at this point and for those
reasons day then I am NOT I am NOT gonna
keep getting them you know I think I'm
just gonna stick to my individual lash
you know the ones that you go on I think
I'm just gonna stick to that that was
what I was using before I got the
eyelash extension so for right now I'm
gonna go back to using my strip lashes
the eyelash you know eyelash weave or
whatever the ones that you glue one I'm
just gonna go back and stick to those
yeah sad to say but yeah those are
cost-effective for me those like you can
go anything and get a pack for like a
pack of like 20 for five dollars you
know you know I'm gonna cheapen ISTA and
those ones look they don't look too bad
the eyelash extensions I just want
convenient cuz you don't have to rip
them off at night but you know what I'm
just gonna go back to what I was using
before I got the eyelash extensions
which are the individual lashes I think
I'm just gonna stick to that that's more
on my level so anyways if you guys have
any questions comments
servants let me know otherwise I'll talk
to you guys later bye